



Testing http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/ using Windows 10 on my laptop using traditional I.E. 11, Firefox 40.0.2, Edge 20.10240, and Google Chrome 44.0.2403.157

1.    Page: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/activities.html 
        I'm still not sure of the difference between
		   
			" Sandy Senior Center Daily Activities " and 
			" Sandy Senior Center Activities " 
			
			calendars. I think I know what " Sandy Senior Center Arts and Crafts " is, but is this really a discrete calendar? 
			I guess, ultimately, it is for the operators (the SSC staff) to determine these distinctions.

			THESE ARE REFLECTIONS OF HOW THE OLD/CURRENT SITE HAD THINGS SHOWN
			We can designate categories any way that makes sense.  
			At one point, I believe, Charles mentioned the possibility of matching the 
			categories as shown on the check-in touch screen system.
			I have been a proponent of calling out the professional services
			(haircuts, podiatrist, tax advice, porfessional aura cleanser)


2.     Also: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/activities.html 
        When clicking if "Daily Activities", we go to http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/activities.html#DailyActivities
        
		  I.E. and Edge do not change the display (it stays at the top of the page). 
		  FIXED
		  
		  Firefox and Chrome do shift the page so the " Sandy Senior Center Daily Activities" calendar is at the top. 
		  Interestingly only Chrome does this properly - showing the title of the calendar. 
		  
		  Firefox shifts the calendar up so the title is hidden under the blue options bar. 
		  FIXED

3.		Also: the same place and same symptoms for "Arts and Crafts" and "Special Activities".
		FIXED

4.    Going to: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/computerCenter.html
        When clicking on "Computer Center", then all four of the detail options links, 
		  all browsers display correctly EXCEPT Firefox. 
		  That one does shift the display to the desired place each time 
		  but it hides the title under the blue options bar. 
		  FIXED

        This is consistent with Firefox. 
		  Other places further down the page where it links to "Open Lab" and "current schedule" 
		  it also hides the title of the sections it displays. 
		  Interestingly, though, the course number links DON'T do this. They show the title correctly.
		  FIXED

5.    Also: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/computerCenter.html
        This true for all 4 browsers:  
		  ONLY the links to the PDF manuals (the other links throughout the site seem to not exhibit this) 
		  (and I don't know if you have any control over this) have a very thin area where the link is active. 
		  You can point your mouse pointer right on one of the words in the link and it will not activate. 
		  I seems the active area is a thin line just at the top if the lower case letters. Ever heard if that?
        It also makes it quite difficult to activate these links with touch on a touch screen.
		  FIXED -- although it is kind of a hack
						FYI, this one took me a while to figure out what was going on.
						These are simple hyperlinks "a" tags in HTML.  How were they 
						getting a fraction working?  It turns out it has to do, once again,
						with the fiddling necessary to handle the fixed top navigation.
						When a user clicks on an on-page hyperlink bookmark, it must 
						stick a hidden box above the link that is the same height as the 
						top navigation.  This hidden box was covering the hyperlinks for the manuals.


6.    Now: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/resources.html
       The Arts and Crafts link in the last picture behaves just like # 2 above.
		 FIXED -- although since this is the last calendar on the page, the top of the
						calendar dosen't come to the top of the browser  

7.    And: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/people.html
        The five links here behave just like the links noted in # 4 above. 
		  EXCEPT for the link to Community Reps. 
		  This one works OK 'cause it's displaying the bottom of the page.
		  FIXED

8.    On http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/people.html
        Could/should we make Charles' and Autumn's email addresses email links?
		  THIS MAY NOT BE A GOOD PRACTICE -- automated "spiders" may scan the page
		  and pick up these as email addresses.
		  You may see some sites that go even further and show email
		  addresses as something like:   somebody AT somewhere.com

		  Technically it is easy to make these email links.
		  I suppose it is up to Charles/Autumn and the trade off
		  between ease of use and fear of spam.
  
9.    Also: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/people.html
        Maggie Steel is now the receptionist/secretary (as well as on the Advisory Council). 
		  Should she be pictured?
		  YEP -- I NEED TO GET A PICTURE AND WHATEVER OTHER INFO

10.    On: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/contact.html
         "Also note that on the first and third Thursday of each month the Center is open from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. "  
			Didn't we establish that on those days we're open from 7 a.m.  to 7 p.m.? Or did I misunderstand that?
			OH, LIKE I REMEMBER?  I'm going to go with FIXED.

11.    On to: http://beta3.sandyseniorcenter.org/about.html
          "volunteering" link, same as #4 above.
			 FIXED



I have tried these things on all browsers (except Edge) on both Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 (including the IE App version.) The results are the same.